Oh what's good YouTube you up my god you
come get you at the next election yeah I
got that purple Jacob climber here he's
fine Greg keepers let's write right into
it we three comma dons three descendants
the re recruiters three spy to malefic
Stardust dragons that's it for the
monsters three necrovalley double row
tributes one stone i only won by only
one you only need one duality and there
are 12 out because I turn 1 this against
dragons how's the time so I don't really
want to open it up clock my hand and not
be a lure of darkness and you're not
going to ask me about a little darkness
why do you like a lord of darkness does
when you draw like three or four Monster
Cards it sucks and then you can a lure
one out and draw trap cards three
upstart you clowns knocked out one so i
can these interesting spell toys away so
i can draw necrovalley and wrote a
tribute in this car and spy and trap
cards
one foot the moon that's it for the
spell double air force torrential
tribute that will depress on you like
depressed this one I actually got it I
really do like it um it's good against
things like dragons it's it's good
against things like kaiku one penis
change just one yup one composed why
aren't you considering playing for
compulsive fiendish chain
over-dimensional because i'm playing a
40 card deck nine thirty seven if you
count the upstart bars double bottomless
morning song double road is a Sark for
any of her own working out for you
alright that should end it all right any
other last comment you